('wto:0000706', 'above-ground biomass', None)
('fabio:StandardOperatingProcedure', 'standard operating procedure', "Clear and detailed written instructions of a prescribed step-by-step procedure to be routinely followed, and decisions to be made when undertaking a specific task, process or function, to achieve consistent performance, ensure safety and/or assure data quality.  (Commonly abbreviated 'SOP'.)")
('fabio:ArchivalDocumentSet', 'archival document set', 'A collection of archival document.')
('wto:0000465', 'obsolete late blight resistance', None)
('fabio:DigitalStorageMedium', 'digital storage medium', 'A means of storing information in digital form, involving binary encoding of data in 0s and 1s, e.g. a computer random access memory, hard disc, USB stick, CD, DVD or digital magnetic tape.')
('fabio:WorkPackage', 'work package', 'A component of the case for support of a grant application, describing a particular aspect of the work to be undertaken.')
('wto:0000620', 'shoot weight', None)
('wto:0000075', 'extreme temperature', None)
('fabio:Oration', 'oration', 'A formal speech, for example one delivered at a ceremonial occasion, or the written transcript of such a speech.')
('fabio:Thesis', 'thesis', "A book authored by a student containing a formal presentations of research outputs submitted for examination in completion of a course of study at an institution of higher education, to fulfil the requirements for an academic degree.  Also know as a dissertation.  [For the alternative meaning of the word 'thesis', namely the formulation of a concept, hypothesis, idea, point of view or theory presented for review and/or discussion, use fabio:Proposition.]")
('wto:0000351', 'smut', None)
('http://purl.org/NET/c4dm/event.owl#Event', None, None)
('oa:DataPositionSelector', 'DataPositionSelector', 'DataPositionSelector describes a range of data by recording the start and end positions of the selection in the stream. Position 0 would be immediately before the first byte, position 1 would be immediately before the second byte, and so on. The start byte is thus included in the list, but the end byte is not.')
('fabio:DefinitiveVersion', 'definitive version', "The final published expression of a work that bears the publisher's imprimatur. Typically for a journal article, the Definitive Version results from revision of an earlier submitted version of the work following peer review, and is then published in print and/or digital form after the publisher has assigned it a DOI.  The Definitive Version is also known as the Version of Record, although according to the CrossRef Glossary (http://crossref.org/02publishers/glossary.html) that term can also refer to the author's final version of a work that is not formally published. ")
('fabio:DoctoralThesis', 'doctoral thesis', 'A thesis reporting the research undertaken during a period of graduate study leading to a doctoral degree.')
('wto:0000438', 'Helminthosporium Leaf Blotch, Spot blotch', None)
('fabio:DatabaseManagementSystem', 'database management system', "The software used to create a database.  (Commonly abbreviated 'DBMS'.)")
('wto:0000184', 'resistance to noxious plant, resistance to weed', None)
('wto:0000272', 'tolerance to water stress', None)
('foaf:Agent', None, None)
('fabio:GrantApplicationDocument', 'grant application document', 'The realization of a grant application, usually containing a case for support document.')
('fabio:TrialReport', 'trial report', 'The report of a trial, for example an experimental trial or a legal trial.')
('wto:0000295', 'aphid, invertebrate', None)
('bibo:CourtReporter', 'Court Reporter', 'A collection of legal cases.')
('wto:0000297', 'bacteria, bacterium', None)
('fabio:ClinicalTrialDesign', 'clinical trial design', 'A predefined written procedural method, designed to ensure reliability of findings, for undertaking a medical or veterinary clinical study of the safety, efficacy, or optimum dosage schedule of one or more diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic drugs or treatments, or of devices or techniques, involving a randomized controlled trial for evidence-based assessment in humans or animals, specifying criteria of eligibility, nature of controls, sampling schedules, data collection parameters, statistical analyses, reporting standards, etc. to be employed in undertaking the clinical trial.')
('oa:Choice', 'Choice', "A subClass of  as:OrderedCollection  that conveys to a consuming application that it should select one of the resources in the  as:items  list to use, rather than all of them.  This is typically used to provide a choice of resources to render to the user, based on further supplied properties.  If the consuming application cannot determine the user's preference, then it should use the first in the list.")
('bibo:Magazine', 'Magazine', 'A periodical of magazine Articles. A magazine is a publication that is issued periodically, usually bound in a paper cover, and typically contains essays, stories, poems, etc., by many writers, and often photographs and drawings, frequently specializing in a particular subject or area, as hobbies, news, or sports.')
('fabio:DigitalItem', 'digital item', 'A digital item is an exemplar of a digital manifestation only and it is always stored in a storage medium suitable for digital objects, such as CDs, DVDs, HDs and the Web., A digital object, such as a computer file.')
('wto:0000157', 'lack of water', None)
('fabio:BachelorsThesis', "bachelor's thesis", "A thesis reporting a research project undertaken as part of an undergraduate course of education leading to a bachelor's degree.")
('dcterms:LinguisticSystem', 'Linguistic System', 'A system of signs, symbols, sounds, gestures, or rules used in communication., Written, spoken, sign, and computer languages are linguistic systems.')
('wto:0000564', 'resistance to aster yellows phytoplasma', None)
('bibo:DocumentStatus', 'Document Status', 'The status of the publication of a document.')
('fabio:Timetable', 'timetable', 'A tabular dataset providing information about the times and locations of a planned series of events.')
('wto:0000268', 'storage pest', None)
('fabio:WebContent', 'web content', 'Information prepared specifically and primarily for manifestation in a web page, comprising text, images, datasets and/or other works.')
('fabio:Specification', 'specification', 'An explicit description of, or set of requirements to be satisfied by, a material, product, resource, service or standard.')
('wto:0000270', 'tolerance to extreme temperature', None)
('frbr:Item', 'item', "An exemplar of a single manifestation., This class corresponds to the FRBR group one entity 'Item'.")
('foaf:Person', None, None)
('fabio:GrantApplication', 'grant application', 'A formal written request for financial support from a grant-giving body in support of a project, for example an academic research project.  (See also fabio:CaseForSupport.)')
('fabio:WikiEntry', 'wiki entry', 'Information manifested in a wiki. ')
('wto:0000130', 'disease', None)
('wto:0000508', 'resistance to septoria', None)
('owl:Thing', 'Thing', None)
('wto:0000186', 'response to stress from soil, soil stress response', None)
('bibo:Newspaper', 'Newspaper', 'A periodical of documents, usually issued daily or weekly, containing current news, editorials, feature articles, and usually advertising.')
('fabio:InstructionManual', 'instruction manual', 'An instructional document typically supplied with a technologically advanced consumer product, such as a car or a computer application, or with an item of complex equipment such as a microscope.')
('fabio:PrintObject', 'print object', 'An analog manifestation in physical printed form, typically on paper.')
('frbr:Expression', 'expression', "A realization of a single work usually in a physical form., This class corresponds to the FRBR group one entity 'Expression'.")
('wto:0000243', 'noxious weed', None)
('fabio:Microblog', 'microblog', 'A social networking publication medium such as Twitter, Tumblr, FriendFeed, Facebook or MySpace. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its individual content items are smaller than a traditional blog posts, typically containing just a short sentence, a single image, or a URI.  These small messages are referred to as microposts.')
('wto:0000048', 'quality', None)
('rdf:Seq', None, None)
('fabio:LiteraryArtisticWork', 'literary artistic work', 'A literary creative work, such as a novel, play, poem or song.')
('bibo:Thesis', 'Thesis', 'A document created to summarize research findings associated with the completion of an academic degree.')
('wto:0000159', 'macronutrient use efficiency', None)
('owl:InverseFunctionalProperty', 'InverseFunctionalProperty', None)
('wto:0000187', 'response to temperature', None)
('fabio:TechnicalReport', 'technical report', 'A report of a technical nature.')
('dcterms:AgentClass', 'Agent Class', 'A group of agents.')
('wto:0000021', 'growth', None)
('wto:0000340', 'fungal disease resistance, fungal resistance, resistance to a fungal pathogen, resistance to fungi', None)
('fabio:Taxonomy', 'taxonomy', 'A classification arranged in a hierarchical structure of classes and subclasses, showing parent-child isA relationships, or broader_than - narrower_than relationships.')
('rdfs:Resource', None, None)
('bibo:LegalCaseDocument', 'Legal Case Document', 'A document accompanying a legal case.')
('wto:0000103', 'response to plant density', None)
('fabio:BibliographicMetadata', 'bibliographic metadata', "Standard bibliographic metadata describing an expression of a work.  To take the example of a journal article, bibliographic metadata typically include the authors' names, the date of publication, the title of the article, the journal name and volume number, the first and last page numbers, and the Digital Object Identifier (DOI).")
('wto:0000451', 'As toxicity, arsenic toxicity', None)
('wto:0000734', 'Polymyxa graminis', None)
('dcterms:BibliographicResource', 'Bibliographic Resource', 'A book, article, or other documentary resource.')
('rdf:List', None, None)
('wto:0000284', 'Bunt', None)
('fabio:Comment', 'comment', 'A verbal or written remark concerning some entity.  In written form, a comment is often appended to that entity and termed an annotation.  Within computer programs or ontologies, comments are added to enhance human understanding, and are usually prefaced by a special syntactic symbol that ensures they are ignored during execution of the program.')
('fabio:StructuredSummary', 'structured summary', 'A structured summary containing essential metadata describing a research investigation and/or the research outputs that have resulted from it, for example datasets and journal articles, structured according to some minimal information standard.  Such a structured summary can be embodied in both human-readable and machine-readable manifestations, e.g. HTML and RDF.  Such a structured summary differs from the Abstract of a journal article, in that the latter is written as a piece of continuous prose, but typically omits vital factual information about the investigation, such as when and where it was conducted, by whom, and on now many specimens or subjects.')
('bibo:Collection', 'Collection', 'A collection of Documents or Collections')
('fabio:Poem', 'poem', 'An artistic work written with an intensity or beauty of language more characteristic of poetry than of prose.')
('fabio:Reply', 'reply', 'A work that is a reply, either to a letter or other direct communication, or to feedback or comments about a piece of submitted writing.  The latter is typically written by the author of a journal article submitted for publication, or by an applicant making a grant application, in response to reviews of the work from peer reviewers prior to publication (for the journal article) or prior to funding decision (for the grant application).  Alternatively, it can be written in response to post-publication peer-review of a published journal article, or comments about it.')
('wto:0000232', 'insect', None)
('bibo:AudioVisualDocument', 'audio-visual document', 'An audio-visual document; film, video, and so forth.')
('owl:Class', 'Class', None)
('fabio:Erratum', 'erratum', 'A formal correction to an error introduced by the publisher into a previously published document.')
('wto:0000257', 'primary nutrient deficiency, response to primary nutrient limitation', None)
('fabio:ExpressionCollection', 'expression collection', 'A collection of expressions, for example a periodical or a book series.')
('fabio:Workflow', 'workflow', 'A recorded sequence of connected steps, which may be automated, specifying a reliably repeatable sequence of operations to be undertaken when conducting a particular job, for example an in silico investigation that extracts and processes information from a number of bioinformatics databases.')
('fabio:InstructionalWork', 'instructional work', 'A work created for the purpose of education or instruction, that may be expressed as a  text book, a lecture, a tutorial or an instruction manual.')
('fabio:ConferencePoster', 'conference poster', 'A display poster, typically containing text with illustrative figures and/or tables, usually reporting research results or proposing hypotheses, submitted for acceptance to and/or presented at a conference, seminar, symposium, workshop or similar event.')
('fabio:Model', 'model', 'A mathematical, graphical or physical representation of some physical reality, conceptual idea or theoretical construct.')
('fabio:Page', 'page', 'A manifestation that represents pages either in physical (e.g., one side of a sheet of paper) or in digital form (e.g., a page in a PDF, or a web page).')
('fabio:ArchivalRecord', 'archival record', 'An archival record connotes a material created or received by a person, family, or organization, public or private, in the conduct of their affairs that is preserved because of the enduring value contained in the information it contains or as evidence of the function and the responsibilities of its creator.')
('wto:0000049', 'reproduction', None)
('bibo:Webpage', 'Webpage', 'A web page is an online document available (at least initially) on the world wide web. A web page is written first and foremost to appear on the web, as distinct from other online resources such as books, manuscripts or audio documents which use the web primarily as a distribution mechanism alongside other more traditional methods such as print.')
('fabio:ReportingStandard', 'reporting standard', 'A set of recommendations for the minimum reporting requirements to be employed when reporting a particular type of investigation or project, for example a randomized clinical trial.  A reporting standard may involve a checklist and a flow diagram, offers a standard way for authors to prepare a complete and transparent report of their findings, and aids their critical appraisal and interpretation of their data. [See also fabio:MinimalInformationStandard.]')
('fabio:Algorithm', 'algorithm', 'A precise sequential set of pre-defined logical rules or computational operations to be employed for solving a particular problem in a finite number of steps.')
('wto:0000651', 'source-sink relationship', None)
('wto:0000653', 'source activity', None)
('fabio:AuthorityFile', 'authority file', 'A controlled vocabulary or official list that establishes, for consistency, the authoritative forms of headings, and the preferred terms or proper names to be used, when creating a catalogue or when indexing and searching a set of entities within a defined domain.')
('owl:SymmetricProperty', 'SymmetricProperty', None)
('fabio:PolicyDocument', 'policy document', 'A document embodying a policy that descibes and defines how something should be done. ')
('fabio:Letter', 'letter', 'A written or printed communication of a personal or professional nature between individuals and/or representatives of corporate bodies, usually transmitted by the postal service or published in a periodical.  In the latter case, the letter is typically addressed to the editor and comments on or discussed an item previously published by that periodical, or of interest to its readership.')
('wto:0000509', 'resistance to smut', None)
('wto:0000506', 'resistance to rust, rust resistance', None)
('oio:Synonym', 'synonym', 'we are forced to use the n-ary relation pattern in OWL1.0. For OWL2 we may make this a direct axiom between a class and the string')
('wto:0000175', 'pest resistance', None)
('bibo:Website', 'Website', 'A group of Webpages accessible on the Web.')
('wto:0000619', 'shoot morphology', None)
('fabio:WebSite', 'web site', 'A collection of related web pages containing text, images, videos and/or other digital assets that are addressed relative to a common Uniform Resource Locator (URL). A web site is hosted on at least one web server, accessible via a network such as the Internet or a private local area network.')
('wto:0000203', 'water stress', None)
('fabio:Table', 'table', 'A graphical means of presenting data in a grid of rows and columns, within which the cells usually contain alphanumeric text or numeric values.  If included within a publication, a table typically appearing unaligned with the main body of text, with its own descriptive title.')
('fabio:WebArchive', 'web archive', 'A snapshots of (part of) the World Wide Web.')
('wto:0000008', 'abiotic condition', None)
('fabio:Book', 'book', "A non-serial document that is complete in one volume or a designated finite number of volumes.  A book published by a publisher is usually  identified by an International Standard Book Number (ISBN), and may be manifested as a physical printed publication on paper bound in a hard or soft cover, or in electronic format as an 'e-book'.")
('fabio:ProductReview', 'product review', 'A written review and critical analysis of the purpose, features, performance and other qualities of a product.')
('fabio:Anthology', 'anthology', 'A collection of selected literary or scholastics works, for example poems, short stories, plays or research papers.')
('bibo:Map', 'Map', 'A graphical depiction of geographic features.')
('fabio:ManifestationCollection', 'manifestation collection', 'A collection of manifestations.')
('fabio:StorageMedium', 'storage medium', 'A device for recording information or storing data.')
('fabio:MagazineNewsItem', 'magazine news item', 'A news report published in a magazine issue.')
('frbr:Manifestation', 'manifestation', "The physical embodiment of one or more expressions., This class corresponds to the FRBR group one entity 'Manifestation'.")
('fabio:ScholarlyWork', 'scholarly work', 'A work that reports scholarly activity on a particular topic, either published in written form, or delivered orally at a meeting.')
('owl:AnnotationProperty', 'AnnotationProperty', None)
('wto:0000010', 'biotic condition', None)
('oa:TextualBody', 'TextualBody', '')
('frbr:Event', 'event', "An action or occurrence., This class corresponds to the FRBR group three entity 'Event'.")
('oa:XPathSelector', 'XPathSelector', ' An XPathSelector is used to select elements and content within a resource that supports the Document Object Model via a specified XPath value.')
('d2kab:Title', 'title of a document', 'A resource representing the title of a document')
('wto:0000667', 'chasmogamy', None)
('wto:0000694', 'magnesium deficiency', None)
('fabio:Editorial', 'editorial', 'The realization of an opinion written by an editor.')
('oa:HttpRequestState', 'HttpRequestState', 'The HttpRequestState class is used to record the HTTP request headers that a client SHOULD use to request the correct representation from the resource. ')
('fabio:MagazineIssue', 'magazine issue', "A particular published  issue of a magazine, identified by date, and sometimes also by place (e.g. 'West Coast edition') or language (e.g. 'Spanish edition').")
('wto:0000455', 'closterovirus', None)
('http://www.isi.edu/~pan/damltime/time-entry.owl#Event', None, None)
('fabio:TableOfContents', 'table of contents', 'A table listing the parts of publication such as a book or technical specification, and the pages on which these content elements start (if the publication is printed or otherwise organized into pages), usually listed in order of appearance.  The Table of Contents typically includes first-level headers, such as the chapter titles of a book, and may also include second- and even third-level headers.  In electronic works, the Table of Contents entries are often internally hyperlinked to the content items, so that clicking on the entry takes the reader to that item.')
('fabio:Preprint', 'preprint', "The version of an author's original scholarly work, such as a research paper or a review, first submitted to publisher for publication.  [Note: For that version resubmitted after peer-review and revision, use fabio:Postprint. For the final published version use fabio:DefinitiveVersion.]")
('fabio:SupplementaryInformation', 'supplementary information file', "A file accompanying a published journal article, containing additional information of relevance to the article, typically available from the publisher's web site via a hyperlink from the journal article itself.")
('wto:0000062', 'abiotic stress', None)
('fabio:CaseReport', 'case report', 'A report about a particular case or situation.')
('d2kab:Relation', 'relation', None)
('fabio:NewspaperEditorial', 'newspaper editorial', 'An editorial published in an issue of a newspaper.')
('fabio:ResourcePaper', 'resource paper', 'A scholarly work that describes resources developed to provide experimental materials or facilities, support a research hypothesis, to provide answers to a research question, or that have contributed to the generation of novel scientific work. Examples of such resources include, for experimental sciences, mouse mutant lines and large communally used X-ray or neutron sources, and, for computer sciences, datasets, ontologies, vocabularies, ontology design patterns, evaluation benchmarks or methods, services, APIs and software frameworks, workflows, crowdsourcing task designs, protocols and metrics.\n\nE.g. see http://iswc2018.semanticweb.org/call-for-resources-track-papers/')
('wto:0000341', 'bacterial disease resistance, bacterial infection resistance, resistance to a plant bacterial pathogen, resistance to bacterial disease, resistance to the bacterial disease', None)
('wto:0000006', 'heritable trait, trait', None)
('wto:0000011', 'development', None)
('fabio:DataManagementPolicy', 'data management policy', 'A policy that descibes and defines how data should be managed, preserved and shared.')
('fabio:BlogPost', 'blog post', 'Information manifested in a blog, one of a set of periodic sequential entries containing commentary, descriptions of events, or other material such as images or videos, usually displayed in reverse-chronological order and usually maintained by an individual, or comments on such a post.')
('dcterms:PeriodOfTime', 'Period of Time', 'An interval of time that is named or defined by its start and end dates.')
('wto:0000285', 'Cecidomyides, cecidomyia', None)
('bibo:Workshop', 'Workshop', 'A seminar, discussion group, or the like, that emphasizes zxchange of ideas and the demonstration and application of techniques, skills, etc.')
('http://web.resource.org/cc/Permission', None, None)
('fabio:Report', 'report', 'A formal factual, methodological, statistical, technical or research report issued by an individual, group, agency, government body or other institution.')
('fabio:ReferenceEntry', 'reference entry', 'A particular reference entry containing authoritative factual information on a certain topic, usually contained in a larger expression.')
('dcterms:LocationPeriodOrJurisdiction', 'Location, Period, or Jurisdiction', 'A location, period of time, or jurisdiction.')
('dcterms:PhysicalMedium', 'Physical Medium', 'A physical material or carrier., Examples include paper, canvas, or DVD.')
('fabio:Nanopublication', 'nanopublication', 'A single, attributable and machine-readable factual assertion - the smallest unit of publishable information that can be uniquely identified and attributed to its author – typically expressed in RDF.  The minimal components of a nanopublication are as follows:\n* the factual assertion itself, in the form subject, predicate and object (e.g. malaria is_a disease);\n* provenance information about the nanopublication, defining its authorship and creation date;\n* supporting information (optional), providing context for the assertion;\n* a unique identifier for the nanopublication, in the form of a URI;\n* an integrity key that ensures that the nanopublication is in its original form and has not been altered.\n')
('oa:Direction', 'Direction', 'A class to encapsulate the different text directions that a textual resource might take.  It is not used directly in the Annotation Model, only its three instances.')
('fabio:Opinion', 'opinion', 'An expression of a personal or professional opinion on an issue or topic.')
('owl:FunctionalProperty', 'FunctionalProperty', None)
('wto:0000260', 'rhizotoxicity', None)
('fabio:PeriodicalVolume', 'periodical volume', 'A particular published volume of a periodical.')
('oa:FragmentSelector', 'FragmentSelector', "The FragmentSelector class is used to record the segment of a representation using the IRI fragment specification defined by the representation's media type.")
('fabio:NewsReport', 'news report', 'A report of an item of news.')
('fabio:ControlledVocabulary', 'controlled vocabulary', 'A collection of selected words and phrases related to a particular domain of knowledge used to permit consistency of metadata annotation and improved retrieval following a search, in which homonyms, synonyms and similar ambiguities of meaning present in natural language are disambiguated.')
('wto:0000439', 'Stagonospora avenae', None)
('wto:0000120', 'acaricide', None)
('fabio:Folksonomy', 'folksonomy', 'A system of classification derived from the practice and method of collaboratively creating and managing tags to annotate and categorize content in a particular domain. [Contrast fabio:Ontology]')
('wto:0000176', 'pesticide', None)
('wto:0000117', 'water, water quantity', None)
('fabio:EntityMetadata', 'entity metadata', 'Metadata describing the work itself, including for example the name of the creator(s), the title of the work, and the date and place of its creation.')
('fabio:NotificationOfReceipt', 'notification of receipt', 'A notification of receipt of something, for example of receipt of a book that will later be the subject of a book review.')
('fabio:ReportDocument', 'report document', 'The realization of a report, usually in printed form.')
('wto:0000228', 'DEPRECATED grain softness', None)
('fabio:PosterPaper', 'poster paper', 'A paper that typically accompanies a poster describing some preliminary  results of research, usually presented during a conference or a workshop.')
('fabio:Paperback', 'paperback', 'A print object with a flexible cover, usually made of paper or paperboard.')
('wto:0000149', 'GSC, grain starch content', None)
('wto:0000468', 'mycoplasma, phytoplasma', None)
('fabio:Proposition', 'proposition', 'A proposal or proposition of a new conceptualization, hypothesis, idea, theory, activity or organisation.')
('fabio:ItemCollection', 'item collection', 'A collection of items.')
('wto:0000177', 'photosensitivity', None)
('owl:DeprecatedClass', 'DeprecatedClass', None)
('wto:0000555', 'resistance to Leptosphaeria avenaria f.sp. tritici, resistance to Phaeosphaeria avenaria f.sp. tritici , resistance to Septoria Avenae Blotch, resistance to Septoria avenae, resistance to Septoria avenae f.sp. tritici, resistance to Stagonospora avenae', None)
('wto:0000174', 'pest', None)
('wto:0000333', 'mold, mould', None)
('wto:0000328', 'Leafhopper', None)
('fabio:WorkshopPaper', 'workshop paper', 'A paper, typically the realization of a research paper reporting original research findings, usually presented at a workshop and published within a workshop proceedings volume.')
('wto:0000330', 'metal rhizotoxicity, metal toxicity', None)
('bibo:Periodical', 'Periodical', 'A group of related documents issued at regular intervals.')
('fabio:Abstract', 'abstract', "A brief summary of a work on a particular subject, designed to act as the point-of-entry that will help the reader quickly to obtain an overview of the work's contents.   The abstract may be an integral part of the work itself, written by the same author(s) and appearing at the beginning of a work such as a research paper, report, review or thesis.  Alternatively it may be separate from the published work itself, and written by someone other than the author(s) of the published work, for example by a member of a professional abstracting service such as CAB Abstracts.")
('fabio:NewspaperNewsItem', 'newspaper news item', 'A news report published in a newspaper issue.')
('fabio:Entry', 'entry', 'An item written or printed in a diary, list, account book, reference book, or database.')
('wto:0000697', 'molybdenum deficiency', None)
('wto:0000274', 'viral disease', None)
('wto:0000749', 'leaf stomatal density', None)
('wto:0000066', 'awn morphology', None)
('fabio:ShortStory', 'short story', 'A work of fiction that is usually written in prose, often in narrative format. This format tends to be more focused and less elaborate than longer works of fiction such as novels.')
('fabio:DataFile', 'data file', "A realisation of a fabio:Dataset (a frbr:Work) containing a defined collection of data with specific content and possibly with a specific version number, that can be embodied as a fabio:Digital Manifestation (a frbr:Manifestation with a specific format) and be represented by a specific fabio:ComputerFile (a frbr:Item) on someone's hard drive.")
('d2kab:Taxon', 'taxon', None)
('fabio:PressRelease', 'press release', 'A news report published by an organization to provide information to journalists.')
('wto:0000668', 'cleistogamy', None)
('fabio:MetadataDocument', 'metadata document', 'A document that contains metadata information describing one or more characteristics of an entity.')
('wto:0000670', 'resistance to hordeivirus', None)
('fabio:SubjectTerm', 'subject term', 'A concept that defines a term within the controlled vocabulary of a particular classification system, such as the ACM Computing Classification System or MeSH, the Medical Subject Headings, used as an annotation to describe the subject, meaning or content of an entity.')
('fabio:Manifestation', 'manifestation', "A fabio:Manifestation can only have part or be part of another fabio:Manifestation.  Moreover, it can be an embodiment only of a fabio:Expression and it can be exemplified only by fabio:Item(s)., A subclass of FRBR manifestation, restricted to manifestations of fabio:Expressions. fabio:Manifestation specifically applies to electronic (digital) as well as to physical manifestations of expressions.  \n\nExamples of different manifestations of a single 'version of record' expression of a scholarly work include an article in a print journal or the on-line version of that article as a web page.")
('oa:Style', 'Style', 'A Style describes the intended styling of a resource as applied to the particular Annotation, and thus provides the information to ensure that rendering is consistent across implementations.')
('fabio:Play', 'play', 'A form of literature written by a playwright, usually consisting of scripted dialogue between characters, intended for theatrical performance rather than reading.')
('bibo:Event', None, None)
('frbr:Concept', 'concept', "An abstract idea or notion., This class corresponds to the FRBR group three entity 'Concept'.")
('fabio:Obituary', 'obituary', "A news item reporting the death of a person, typically accompanied by an description of that person's life and contributions to his or her profession and to society at large.")
('bibo:Slideshow', 'Slideshow', 'A presentation of a series of slides, usually presented in front of an audience with written text and images.')
('wto:0000636', 'spike morphology', None)
('wto:0000220', 'extreme temperature resistance', None)
('wto:0000217', 'disease caused by nematode', None)
('foaf:Group', None, None)
('fabio:BibliographicDatabase', 'bibliographic database', 'A database providing an authoritative source of bibliographic information, for example PubMed (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed), CrossRef Metadata Search (http://search.crossref.org/) and PubMed Central (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/).')
('wto:0000331', 'metalloid toxicity', None)
('wto:0000136', 'female sterility', None)
('fabio:Manuscript', 'manuscript', "A textual work prepared 'by hand', such as a typescript or word-processed pre-publication draft of a research paper or a report, or a work not otherwise reproduced in multiple copies.  [Note: fabio:Manuscript is not intended to describe a handwritten historical document on paper or parchment, for which the FRBR distinctions between work, expression, manifestation and item (individual copy) becomes blurred.].")
('fabio:ArtisticWork', 'artistic work', 'It describes any work regarded as art in its widest sense, including works from literature and music, visual art, etc.')
('fabio:Screenplay', 'screenplay', 'A written work made especially for a film or television program. Screenplays can be original works or adaptations from existing pieces of writing, for example novels. ')
('fabio:Proof', 'proof', 'In printing and publishing, a proof copy is the preliminary version of a publication, after the inclusion of any author corrections following review, and after copy editing and formatting to bring the manuscript into the house style, intended for final checking prior to publication to detect and eliminate typographical errors, omissions or transpositions of text, incorrect layout or placement of illustrations and tables, or other formatting errors.  Those who check proofs include the editor, possibly the peer-reviewers (to ensure that their requested modifications have been included to their satisfaction), possibly an in-house professional proof-reader, and / or the author, who is ultimately responsible for ensuring the published work says what (s)he means it to say.  Substantive changes to the text are not permitted once the manuscript has reached proof stage.')
('bibo:AudioDocument', 'audio document', 'An audio document; aka record.')
('fabio:Film', 'film', 'A movie with an accompanying soundtrack, typically created by a professional film studio, designed to communicate a fictional story, record an artistic event, or impart information that is scientific or documentary in nature.')
('dcterms:RightsStatement', 'Rights Statement', 'A statement about the intellectual property rights (IPR) held in or over a resource, a legal document giving official permission to do something with a resource, or a statement about access rights.')
('bibo:Chapter', 'Chapter', 'A chapter of a book.')
('wto:0000469', 'potyvirus', None)
('bibo:Brief', 'Brief', 'A written argument submitted to a court.')
('wto:0000109', 'soil, soil property', None)
('fabio:Journal', 'journal', 'A scholarly periodical primarily devoted to the publication of original research papers. [Printed and electronic manifestations of the same journal are usually identified by separate print and electronic International Standard Serial Numbers (ISSN or eISSN, respectively), that identifies the journal as a whole, not to individual issues of it.]')
('dcterms:Frequency', 'Frequency', 'A rate at which something recurs.')
('oio:SynonymType', 'synonym_type', None)
('fabio:OntologyDocument', 'ontology document', 'A document containing an ontology, for example an OWL (Web Ontology Language) file (http://www.w3.org/TR/owl-features/).')
('fabio:InUsePaper', 'in-use paper', 'A scholarly work that describes applied and validated solutions such as software tools, systems or architectures that benefit from the use of the technology of a particular scholarly domain. Usually, papers of this kind should also provide convincing evidence that there is use of the proposed application or tool by the target user group, preferably outside the institution that conducted its development.\n\nE.g. see http://iswc2018.semanticweb.org/call-for-in-use-track-papers/.')
('fabio:Expression', 'expression', 'A fabio:Expression can only have part or be part of another fabio:Expression.  Moreover, it can be a representation only of a fabio:Work, and  it can be embodied only in fabio:Manifestation(s)., A subclass of FRBR expression, restricted to expressions of fabio:Works.  For your latest research paper, the preprint submitted to the publisher, and the final published version to which the publisher assigned a unique digital object identifier, are both expressions of the same work.  ')
('bibo:Quote', 'Quote', 'An excerpted collection of words.')
('bibo:Image', 'Image', 'A document that presents visual or diagrammatic information.')
('wto:0000497', 'resistance to closterovirus', None)
('skos:OrderedCollection', 'Ordered Collection', 'An ordered collection of concepts, where both the grouping and the ordering are meaningful.')
('fabio:Work', 'work', 'A fabio:Work can only have part or be part of another fabio:Work. Moreover, it can be realized only by fabio:Expression(s)., A subclass of FRBR work, restricted to works that are published or potentially publishable, and that contain or are referred to by bibliographic references, or entities used to define bibliographic references. FaBiO works, and their expressions and manifestations, are primarily textual publications such as books, magazines, newspapers and journals, and items of their content.  However, they also include datasets, computer algorithms, experimental protocols, formal specifications and vocabularies, legal records, governmental papers, technical and commercial reports and similar publications, and also bibliographies, reference lists, library catalogues and similar collections. For this reason, fabio:Work is not an equivalent class to frbr:ScholarlyWork.  An example of a fabio:Work is your latest research paper.')
('wto:0000166', 'nematicide', None)
('fabio:Image', 'image', 'A visual representation other than text, including all types of moving image and still image.')
('oio:ObsoleteClass', 'obsolete_class', None)
('fabio:Database', 'database', 'A structured collection of logically related records or data usually stored and retrieved using computer-based means.')
('bibo:PersonalCommunication', 'Personal Communication', 'A communication between an agent and one or more specific recipients.')
('wto:0000499', 'resistance to geminivirus', None)
('dcterms:Standard', 'Standard', 'A reference point against which other things can be evaluated or compared.')
('oa:SvgSelector', 'SvgSelector', 'An SvgSelector defines an area through the use of the Scalable Vector Graphics [SVG] standard. This allows the user to select a non-rectangular area of the content, such as a circle or polygon by describing the region using SVG. The SVG may be either embedded within the Annotation or referenced as an External Resource.')
('wto:0000139', 'fungicide', None)
('wto:0000659', 'phytohormone response', None)
('fabio:ReferenceBook', 'reference book', 'A book containing authoritative factual information, such as a dictionary, encyclopaedia, handbook or field guide, which is a realisation of a certain reference work and may contain several reference entries.')
('fabio:JournalNewsItem', 'journal news item', 'A news report published in a journal issue.')
('frbr:Endeavour', 'endeavour', 'Any of the products of artistic or creative endeavour., This class represents any one of the FRBR group one entities.')
('wto:0000596', 'DEPRECATED resistance to Fusarium spp., resistance to Fusarium spp.', None)
('bibo:Performance', 'Performance', 'A public performance.')
('bibo:ReferenceSource', 'Reference Source', 'A document that presents authoritative reference information, such as a dictionary or encylopedia .')
('owl:DatatypeProperty', 'DatatypeProperty', None)
('fabio:VocabularyMappingDocument', 'vocabulary mapping document', 'A document containing a vocabulary mapping')
('wto:0000456', 'common root rot, crown rot, foot rot, scab crown rot', None)
('skos:ConceptScheme', 'Concept Scheme, concept scheme', 'A SKOS concept scheme can be viewed as an aggregation of one or more SKOS concepts. Semantic relationships (links) between those concepts may also be viewed as part of a concept scheme. This definition is, however, meant to be suggestive rather than restrictive, and there is some flexibility in the formal data model stated below.\n\nThe notion of a concept scheme is useful when dealing with data from an unknown source, and when dealing with data that describes two or more different knowledge organization systems. , A set of concepts, optionally including statements about semantic relationships between those concepts.')
('wto:0000544', 'resistance to Crazy Top, resistance to Downy mildew, resistance to Sclerophthora macrospora, resistance to Sclerospora macrospora', None)
('bibo:Manual', 'Manual', 'A small reference book, especially one giving instructions.')
('fabio:DigitalManifestation', 'digital manifestation', 'A manifestation that represents data in binary form, encoding the data as a series of 0s and 1s.')
('fabio:BookChapter', 'book chapter', 'A defined chapter of a book, usually with a separate title or number.')
('fabio:Correction', 'correction', 'A correction to an error in a previously published document.')
('dcterms:ProvenanceStatement', 'Provenance Statement', 'Any changes in ownership and custody of a resource since its creation that are significant for its authenticity, integrity, and interpretation.')
('fabio:InBrief', 'in brief', "An 'In Brief' is a journal or magazine news item that describes all the articles (or all the important articles) in that issue of the periodical. The content of an 'In Brief' may be constructed from the abstracts of the articles it highlights, but is more likely to be written by a member of the periodical staff especially for the issue.")
('fabio:JournalVolume', 'journal volume', 'A particular published volume of a journal, comprising one or more journal issues.')
('wto:0000245', 'pathogen', None)
('fabio:MastersThesis', "master's thesis", "A thesis reporting a research project undertaken as part of a graduate course of education leading to a master's degree.")
('fabio:MusicalComposition', 'musical composition', 'A piece of music, typically in the form of a composition recorded in musical notation.')
('fabio:ReferenceWork', 'reference work', 'A work to which people refer for authoritative factual information, such as a dictionary, encyclopaedia, entry, handbook or field guide, or an informative web page such as an institutional, research group or project home page.')
('wto:0000332', 'mildew', None)
('dcterms:SizeOrDuration', 'Size or Duration', 'A dimension or extent, or a time taken to play or execute., Examples include a number of pages, a specification of length, width, and breadth, or a period in hours, minutes, and seconds.')
('fabio:DocumentRepository', 'document repository', 'A repository for storing documents.')
('owl:Nothing', 'Nothing', None)
('wto:0000194', 'soil acidity', None)
('wto:0000218', 'drought', None)
('foaf:Document', None, None)
('wto:0000461', 'geminivirus', None)
('bibo:Issue', 'Issue', 'something that is printed or published and distributed, esp. a given number of a periodical')
('fabio:ComputerProgram', 'computer program', "A unit of computer code in source or compiled form, employing one or more algorithms to be executed by a digital computer to undertake a particular task.  Computer programs are collectively called 'software' to distinguish them from the equipment ('hardware') upon which they run. ")
('fabio:DataRepository', 'data repository', 'A repository for storing data.')
('fabio:SubjectDiscipline', 'subject discipline', 'A concept that identifies a field of knowledge or human activity defined in a controlled vocabulary, such as Computer Science, Biology, Economics, Cookery or Swimming.')
('wto:0000162', 'micronutrient use efficiency', None)
('http://web.resource.org/cc/License', None, None)
('owl:Restriction', 'Restriction', None)
('fabio:VocabularyMapping', 'vocabulary mapping', 'A mapping of correspondences between two vocabularies.  For controlled vocabularies, such mappings may be expressed using SKOS (http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/).')
('fabio:PatentApplication', 'patent application', 'A formal disclosure of a new invention, made in application for a patent.')
('wto:0000246', 'disease and/or pathogen resistance, disease resistance, disease-resistance, pathogen resistance, resistance to a pathogen, resistance to a plant pathogen, resistance to disease, resistance to infection, resistance to pathogens, resistance to the plant pathogen', None)
('fabio:AcademicProceedings', 'academic proceedings', 'A document containing the programme and collected papers, or their abstracts, presented at an academic meeting.')
('wto:0000275', '<new term>', None)
('fabio:NewspaperIssue', 'newspaper issue', "A particular published  issue of a newspaper, identified by date, and sometimes also by place or time (e.g. 'Late London Edition').")
('dcterms:FileFormat', 'File Format', 'A digital resource format.')
('fabio:ResearchPaper', 'research paper', 'A scholarly work that reports original research contributions addressing theoretical, analytical or experimental aspects of a particular scholarly domain.\n\nE.g. see http://iswc2018.semanticweb.org/call-for-research-track-papers/.')
('fabio:Textbook', 'textbook', 'A book containing instructional material relating to a particular topic of academic study, designed to be read by students.')
('http://xmlns.com/wordnet/1.6/Work~2', None, None)
('fabio:MovingImage', 'moving image', 'A moving display, either generated dynamically by a computer program or formed from a series of pre-recorded still images imparting an impression of motion when shown in succession.  Examples include animations, cine films, videos, and computational simulations. Expressions of moving images may incorporate synchronized soundtracks.')
('wto:0000219', 'DEPRECATED endosperm texture, endosperm texture', None)
('http://web.resource.org/cc/Requirement', None, None)
('bibo:Standard', 'Standard', 'A document describing a standard: a specification organized through a standards body.')
('dcterms:Policy', 'Policy', 'A plan or course of action by an authority, intended to influence and determine decisions, actions, and other matters.')
('fabio:PhDSymposiumPaper', 'Ph.D. symposium paper', "A paper, usually presented during a specific session of a conference dedicated to Ph.D. students, that describes ongoing Ph.D. student's research.")
('fabio:CaseForSupport', 'case for support', 'A part of a grant application that provides a description of a proposed project and gives reasons why it is worthy of funding. (See also fabio:GrantApplication).')
('fabio:Ontology', 'ontology', 'A formal representation of a set of concepts within a domain of knowledge, and the logical relationships between those concepts.  [Contrast fabio:Folksonomy]')
('oa:Selector', 'Selector', 'A resource which describes the segment of interest in a representation of a Source resource, indicated with oa:hasSelector from the Specific Resource. This class is not used directly in the Annotation model, only its subclasses.')
('fabio:ReviewPaper', 'review paper', 'A scholarly work that surveys the state of the art of topics central to a particular subject or relating to a specific domain (e.g. the scope of a certain journal or conference). Papers of this kind may contain a selective bibliography listing key papers related to the subject or providing advice on information sources, or they may strive to be comprehensive, covering all contributions to the development of a topic and exploring their different findings or views.\n\nE.g. see http://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/products/journals/author_guidelines.htm?id=JD')
('bibo:Email', 'EMail', 'A written communication addressed to a person or organization and transmitted electronically.')
('wto:0000234', 'invertebrate', None)
('wto:0000266', 'DEPRECATED kernel hardness', None)
('fabio:Song', 'song', "A musical composition that contains vocal parts ('lyrics') that are performed ('sung').")
('fabio:Email', 'e-mail', 'A message transmitted over the internet as an item of electronic mail, typically based on the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP).  Emails can have computer files containing documents, dataset and images attached to them or embedded within them.')
('fabio:Announcement', 'announcement', 'A formal statement about something.')
('bibo:Film', 'Film', 'aka movie.')
('wto:0000345', 'DEPRECATED response to potassium deficiency', None)
('foaf:Image', None, None)
('fabio:ConferencePaper', 'conference paper', 'A paper, typically the realization of a research paper reporting original research findings, usually published within a conference proceedings volume.')
('fabio:MeetingReport', 'meeting report', 'A report of a meeting of some kind.')
('wto:0000626', 'root morphology', None)
('fabio:PeriodicalIssue', 'periodical issue', 'A particular issue of a periodical, identified and distinguished from other issues of the same publication by date and/or issue number and/or volume number, and comprising separate periodical items such as editorials, articles and news items.')
('bibo:Manuscript', 'Manuscript', 'An unpublished Document, which may also be submitted to a publisher for publication.')
('fabio:ArchivalDocument', 'archival document', 'An archival document is a realization of the content related to an archival record. It can be exemplified as a book, a document, a letter, a database, etc.')
('skos:Collection', 'Collection', 'A meaningful collection of concepts.')
('fabio:ArchivalRecordSet', 'archival record set', 'A collection of archival records.')
('fabio:WorkCollection', 'work collection', None)
('fabio:LegalOpinion', 'legal opinion', 'A written explanation by a judge or group of judges that accompanies a ruling in a legal case, laying out the reasons and legal principles for the ruling, and sometimes containing pronouncements about what the law is and how it should be interpreted.')
('bibo:CollectedDocument', 'Collected Document', 'A document that simultaneously contains other documents.')
('bibo:MultiVolumeBook', 'Multivolume Book', 'A loose, thematic, collection of Documents, often Books.')
('wto:0000597', 'resistance to wheat yellow leaf virus', None)
('bibo:Statute', 'Statute', 'A bill enacted into law.')
('fabio:Script', 'script', 'A small computer program written in a scripting language such as JavaScript, PHP or Perl that allows control of one or more software applications.')
('fabio:Review', 'review', "A review of others' work.")
('fabio:WhitePaper', 'white paper', 'An authoritative report or guide designed to educate readers and help people make decisions, or to explain technical problems and how to solve them. White papers are typically published by governments to propose new legislation for discussion, and by commercial companies to inform readers about products or services, as aids to marketing.')
('wto:0000685', 'glume morphology', None)
('skos:Concept', 'Concept, concept', 'A SKOS concept can be viewed as an idea or notion; a unit of thought. However, what constitutes a unit of thought is subjective, and this definition is meant to be suggestive, rather than restrictive.\n\nThe notion of a SKOS concept is useful when describing the conceptual or intellectual structure of a knowledge organization system, and when referring to specific ideas or meanings established within a KOS.\n\nNote that, because SKOS is designed to be a vehicle for representing semi-formal KOS, such as thesauri and classification schemes, a certain amount of flexibility has been built in to the formal definition of this class., An idea or notion; a unit of thought.')
('wto:0000291', 'HLB, Helminthosporium leaf blight', None)
('bibo:Slide', 'Slide', 'A slide in a slideshow')
('wto:0000096', 'nutrient use efficiency', None)
('dcterms:Location', 'Location', 'A spatial region or named place.')
('wto:0000124', 'antibiotics', None)
('fabio:Index', 'index', "An alphabetically-ordered list of words and phrases ('headings') and associated pointers ('locators') to where useful material relating to that heading can be found in a document.")
('oa:CssSelector', 'CssSelector', 'A CssSelector describes a Segment of interest in a representation that conforms to the Document Object Model through the use of the CSS selector specification.')
('fabio:Supplement', 'supplement', 'A supplement to a publication such as a book, journal, magazine or newspaper, additional to the main publication.  For example, a colour supplement to a sunday newspaper, or a special supplementary issue of a journal or a journal volume containing invited articles on a special topic, or abstracts or papers presented at a scientific conference.')
('fabio:UncontrolledVocabulary', 'uncontrolled vocabulary', 'A non-defined collection of words and phrases relating to a particular domain of knowledge, usually added freely by a community, in which homonyms, synonyms and similar ambiguities of meaning present in natural language are not formally disambiguated.')
('wto:0000069', 'chemical', None)
('fabio:Questionnaire', 'questionnaire', 'A set of questions on a particular topic, usually in the form of multiple choice questions requiring the respondent to select the correct answer, or providing the ability to indicate support for or against a proposal on a numerical scale, designed for rapid numerical analysis of responses and often used in surveying public opinion.')
('wto:0000514', 'root-knot nematode', None)
('wto:0000487', 'resistance to Mold, resistance to Mould', None)
('dcterms:PhysicalResource', 'Physical Resource', 'A material thing.')
('oa:ResourceSelection', 'ResourceSelection', 'Instances of the ResourceSelection class identify part (described by an oa:Selector) of another resource (referenced with oa:hasSource), possibly from a particular representation of a resource (described by an oa:State). Please note that ResourceSelection is not used directly in the Web Annotation model, but is provided as a separate class for further application profiles to use, separate from oa:SpecificResource which has many Annotation specific features.')
('fabio:CriticalEdition', 'critical edition', 'A new edition of a historical publication, edited by a scholar other than the original author, containing within the body text the supposedly best version of the original work, with footnotes detailing and commenting on textual variations between different versions, typically with an introduction to the original work written by the scholar, and with a bibliography listing related publications.')
('wto:0000595', 'DEPRECATED resistance to Bipolaris sorokiniana, resistance to Bipolaris sorokiniana', None)
('bibo:Journal', 'Journal', 'A periodical of scholarly journal Articles.')
('fabio:PositionPaper', 'position paper', "A scholarly work that reports a particular intellectual position or viewpoint regarding a particular scholarly topic. Usually, these papers are dependent on the author's opinion or interpretation, do not have an evaluation, and need to present relevant and novel discussion points in a thorough manner.\n\nE.g. see https://datasciencehub.net/content/guidelines-authors")
('wto:0000460', 'gall midge', None)
('wto:0000457', 'DEPRECATED crown rot', None)
('fabio:ApplicationProfile', 'application profile', 'A set of metadata elements, policies and guidelines defined for a particular application.  The metadata elements used in the application profile may be drawn from more than one element sets, including locally defined sets. ')
('fabio:Biography', 'biography', 'An account of the events, works and achievements, both personal and professional, of a person, either living or dead.')
('owl:AllDifferent', 'AllDifferent', None)
('fabio:TechnicalStandard', 'technical standard', 'An official or public specification of, or requirement for, a technical method, practice, process or protocol that is involved in, for example, manufacturing, computation, electronic communication, or digital media.')
('bibo:Bill', 'Bill', 'Draft legislation presented for discussion to a legal body.')
('dcterms:MethodOfInstruction', 'Method of Instruction', 'A process that is used to engender knowledge, attitudes, and skills.')
('wto:0000346', 'root rot', None)
('fabio:ExperimentalProtocol', 'experimental protocol', 'A predefined written procedural method, designed to ensure successful replication of results by others in the same or other laboratories, that describes the overall objectives, organization and implementation of a scientific experiment, and specifies the experimental design, experimental methods, reagents, instrumentation, sampling schedules, data collection parameters, statistical analyses, image processing procedures, safety precautions, reporting standards, etc. employed in undertaking the experiment.')
('fabio:Vocabulary', 'vocabulary', 'A set of words, either constituting a language, or more specifically used to describe a particular domain of knowledge.')
('fabio:WorkshopProceedings', 'workshop proceedings', 'A document containing the programme and collected workshop papers, or their abstracts, presented at a workshop or similar event.')
('frbr:Person', 'person', "A living or dead individual., This class corresponds to the FRBR group two entity 'Person'.")
('fabio:JournalEditorial', 'journal editorial', 'An editorial published in an issue of a journal.')
('wto:0000349', 'septoria', None)
('wto:0000672', 'resistance to luteovirus', None)
('fabio:Quotation', 'quotation', 'A passage of speech selected from a larger verbal or written expression for use in another expression, with specific attribution to its original source, and usually demarcated by quotation marks and / or by placing it in a separate indented paragraph. \n\n[Note: Use fabio:Quotation to indicate a segment or passage selected from another expression that is a passage of speech, and fabio:Excerpt to indicate a segment or passage selected from another expression that is not a passage of speech.], A quotation is a repetition of what someone has said, and is presented "within quotation marks", for example:\n\nOn June 4th 1940, Winston Churchill made a speech on the radio that has since become famous, that included the words:\n       " . . . we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender . . ."\n\nSimilarly, the words "but Brutus is an honourable man" from Mark Antony\'s funeral speech in Shakespeare\'s play Julius Caesar is a quotation, since Mark Antony says these words in the play.')
('fabio:Series', 'series', 'A sequence of expressions having certain characteristics in common that are formally identified together as a group.')
('fabio:WebManifestation', 'web manifestation', 'A digital manifestation on the Web, such as a wiki, a web site, a web page or a blog.')
('fabio:MethodsPaper', 'methods paper', 'A scholarly work detailing a method, procedure or experimental protocol employed in a particular scholarly domain.')
('fabio:Micropost', 'micropost', 'A content item that is published in a Microblog, typically containing just a short sentence, a single image, or a URL.')
('fabio:ClinicalGuideline', 'clinical guideline', 'A recommendation on the appropriate treatment and care of people with a specific disease or condition, based on the best available evidence, designed to help healthcare professionals in their work.')
('fabio:RapidCommunication', 'rapid communication', 'A short rapidly published research article or conference paper, typically reporting significant research results that have been recently discovered, or a brief news item reporting such discoveries.')
('fabio:AnalogManifestation', 'analog manifestation', 'A manifestation in an analog form.')
('fabio:Newspaper', 'newspaper', 'A non-peer reviewed periodical, usually published daily or weekly, consisting primarily of editorials and news items concerning current or recent events and matters of public interest.')
('fabio:ProjectPlan', 'project plan', "A document used to guide project planning, execution and control, specifying the project's goal and objectives and the activities and resources required to achieve these, setting out the project schedule, and identifying the major workpackages, milestones and deliverables.  A project plan will typically contain a Gantt chart.\n")
('bibo:Note', 'Note', 'Notes or annotations about a resource.')
('bibo:Book', 'Book', 'A written or printed work of fiction or nonfiction, usually on sheets of paper fastened or bound together within covers.')
('owl:TransitiveProperty', 'TransitiveProperty', None)
('fabio:ProceedingsPaper', 'proceedings paper', 'A paper, typically the realization of a research paper reporting original research findings, usually published within an academic proceedings volume.')
('fabio:ApplicationProgrammingInterface', 'API, application programming interface', " A computer program that enables a separate computer to interact programmatically with the computer running the API.  (Commonly abbreviated 'API'.)")
('fabio:Dataset', 'dataset', 'A collection of related facts, often expressed in numerical form and encoded in a defined structure.')
('fabio:ExecutiveSummary', 'executive summary', 'An executive summary is a brief report summarizing a longer formal report, designed to present the key points, conclusions and recommendations arising from the study being reported, for readers too busy to take the time to read the complete report.')
('fabio:Thesaurus', 'thesaurus', 'A type of controlled vocabulary used in information retrieval applications for indexing or tagging purposes, in which relationships between terms are made explicit. These are normally hierarchical relationships (is-a, subsumption; e.g. a cow is a mammal), equivalency relationships relating non-preferred terms to preferred terms (e.g. pitch and frequency), or associative relationships, in which the relationship that exists is neither one of hierarchy or equivalence, but rather one of similarity (e.g. sports and leisure pursuits).')
('wto:0000347', 'rust', None)
('fabio:AnalogItem', 'analog item', "A real object that is an exemplar of a fabio:Manifestation, such as a particular copy of the book 'Alice's adventures in Wonderland', that a person may own., An analog item is an exemplar of an analog manifestation only and it is always stored in a storage medium suitable for analog objects, such as paper, vinyl discs and films.")
('wto:0000503', 'potyvirus resistance, resistance to potyvirus', None)
('wto:0000208', 'bacterial disease', None)
('oa:TimeState', 'TimeState', "A TimeState records the time at which the resource's state is appropriate for the Annotation, typically the time that the Annotation was created and/or a link to a persistent copy of the current version.")
('bibo:EditedBook', 'Edited Book', 'An edited book.')
('fabio:Item', 'item', 'A fabio:Item can only have part or be part of another fabio:Item. Moreover, it can be an exemplar only of a fabio:Manifestation., A subclass of FRBR item, restricted to exemplars of fabio:Manifestations.  An example of a fabio:Item is a printed copy of a journal article on your desk, or a PDF file of that article that you purchased from a publisher and that now resides in digital form on your computer hard drive.  ')
('fabio:DustJacket', 'dust jacket', 'A detachable outer cover, usually made of paper and printed with text and illustrations. This outer cover has folded flaps that hold it to the cover of a document.')
('fabio:ComputerApplication', 'computer application', 'A computer program designed to assist a human user to perform one or more goal-oriented tasks such as word processing or image processing.  A computer application will typically save its output files in one or more specific formats, conforming either to proprietary or open standards.  ')
('fabio:CompleteWorks', 'complete works', 'A collection of all the literary or scholastic works of a single person.')
('oa:Motivation', 'Motivation', "The Motivation class is used to record the user's intent or motivation for the creation of the Annotation, or the inclusion of the body or target, that it is associated with.")
('bibo:Code', 'Code', 'A collection of statutes.')
('wto:0000154', 'herbicide', None)
('oa:SpecificResource', 'SpecificResource', 'Instances of the SpecificResource class identify part of another resource (referenced with oa:hasSource), a particular representation of a resource, a resource with styling hints for renders, or any combination of these, as used within an Annotation.')
('fabio:MagazineEditorial', 'magazine editorial', 'An editorial published in an issue of a magazine.')
('owl:DataRange', 'DataRange', None)
('wto:0000265', 'shade tolerance', None)
('fabio:DisciplineDictionary', 'discipline dictionary', 'A discipline dictionary is a collection of subject disciplines.')
('wto:0000421', 'Puccinia striiformis', None)
('fabio:Metadata', 'metadata', 'A separate work that provides information describing one or more characteristics of a resource or entity.')
('fabio:WebPage', 'web page', 'A Web manifestation usually identified by a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI), and made accessible to a user by means of the Hypertext Transport Protocol (HTTP) in a Web browser window. Several interlinked web pages hosted together on a Web server and accessed through a single domain name or IP address constitute a web site.')
('fabio:Policy', 'policy', 'A description and definition of how something should be done.  Ideally a policy should be both effective in achieving its goals and acceptable to those who have to abide by it.')
('fabio:BookReview', 'book review', 'A written review and critical analysis of the content, scope and quality of a book or other monographic work.')
('oio:DbXref', 'database_cross_reference', None)
('bibo:Interview', 'Interview', 'A formalized discussion between two or more people.')
('fabio:Addendum', 'addendum', 'An item of material added at the end of a book or other publication, typically to include omitted or late-arriving material. ')
('wto:0000700', 'sulfur deficiency', None)
('owl:OntologyProperty', 'OntologyProperty', None)
('fabio:BookSet', 'book set', 'A set of books having certain characteristics in common that informally allow their identification together as a group - for instance, the books of the Harry Potter saga.')
('wto:0000206', 'arthropod', None)
('frbr:ResponsibleEntity', 'responsible entity', 'One responsible for the creation, production, distribution or maintenance of artistic or creative content., This class represents any of the FRBR group two entities.')
('wto:0000362', 'virus', None)
('bibo:LegalDecision', 'Decision', 'A document containing an authoritative determination (as a decree or judgment) made after consideration of facts or law.')
('frbr:Subject', 'subject', 'Something that may serve as the subject of a work., This class represents any of the FRBR group three entities.')
('fabio:VocabularyDocument', 'vocabulary document', 'A document containing a vocabulary')
('wto:0000419', 'Puccinia graminis', None)
('wto:0000095', 'nutrient deficiency, nutrient limitation', None)
('wto:0000068', 'biotic stress', None)
('fabio:ClinicalTrialReport', 'clinical trial report', 'The report of a pre-planned medical or veterinary clinical study of the safety, efficacy, or optimum dosage schedule of one or more diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic drugs, or of devices, treatments or techniques, involving a randomized controlled trial for evidence-based assessment in humans or animals selected according to predetermined criteria of eligibility and observed for evidence of favourable and unfavourable effects.')
('fabio:BookSeries', 'book series', 'A sequence of books having certain characteristics in common that are formally identified together as a group - for instance, the books in the Law, Governance and Technology Series published by Springer.')
('bibo:DocumentPart', 'document part', 'a distinct part of a larger document or collected document.')
('dcterms:Jurisdiction', 'Jurisdiction', 'The extent or range of judicial, law enforcement, or other authority.')
('oio:Subset', 'subset', None)
('fabio:PatentDocument', 'patent document', 'The physical or electronic realization of a patent.')
('wto:0000363', 'resistance to viral disease, viral resistance, virus resistance', None)
('wto:0000044', 'morphology', None)
('fabio:Wiki', 'wiki', 'A collaborative Web manifestation, usually maintained by a project team or group, providing easy-to-edit pages that can be used to accumulate related information for shared use by the group and/or publication.')
('http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos#SpatialThing', None, None)
('fabio:ProjectReport', 'deliverable report', "A report describing the outcomes of specific project, typically listing 'deliverables' created or 'milestones' achieved during the project.")
('fabio:PatentApplicationDocument', 'patent application document', 'The physical or electronic realization of a patent application.')
('wto:0000311', 'DEPRECATED drought tolerance, drought tolerance', None)
('wto:0000279', 'Army cutworm', None)
('fabio:AnalogStorageMedium', 'analog storage medium', 'A means of storing information in non-digital form, e.g. paper, film (for analogue photographs or movies), magnetic tape (for analogue sound recordings or video recordings) or vinyl disc.')
('fabio:DataMangementPlan', 'data management plan', 'A structured document giving information about how data arising from a research project or other endeavour is to be manages, preserved and shared.')
('fabio:Directory', 'directory', 'A database of information which is heavily optimized for reading.')
('fabio:ProjectMetadata', 'project metadata', 'Metadata describing a project, for example the project name, the names of those who conducted the project, the name of the institution in which the project was conducted, and the project funding information.')
('fabio:NewsItem', 'news item', 'A published news report.')
('fabio:ReviewArticle', 'review article', 'An article that contains a review.')
('oa:State', 'State', 'A State describes the intended state of a resource as applied to the particular Annotation, and thus provides the information needed to retrieve the correct representation of that resource.')
('fabio:PersonalCommunication', 'personal communication', 'Information communicated personally by verbal or written means from one individual to one or more another persons or organizations.')
('wto:0000252', 'resistance to Cirsium arvense', None)
('bibo:Patent', 'Patent', 'A document describing the exclusive right granted by a government to an inventor to manufacture, use, or sell an invention for a certain number of years.')
('wto:0000254', 'plant resistance to a chemical agent, resistance to chemicals', None)
('fabio:ClinicalCaseReport', 'clinical case report', 'A presentation of findings following a clinical or medical investigation on a human or animal patient, that may contain a diagnosis and proposals for therapeutic treatment and/or epidemiological control measures, or may propose further evaluative studies that will eventually lead to such outcomes.')
('fabio:MagazineArticle', 'magazine article', 'An article published in a magazine issue.')
('bibo:Specification', 'Specification', 'A document describing a specification.')
('fabio:Excerpt', 'excerpt', "A segment or passage selected from a larger expression for use in another expression, usually with specific attribution to its original source.\n\n[Note: Use fabio:Excerpt to indicate a segment or passage selected from another expression that is not a passage of speech, and fabio:Quotation to indicate a segment or passage selected from another expression that is a passage of speech.], An excerpt is more general than a quotation, and is generally used to indicate a re-published extract from a book, instruction manual, film, radio programme, etc, that need not be what someone said.  \n\nFor example:\n     Oxford    01865\n     Oxshott   01372\n     Oxted      01883\n     Oxton      01578\nis an excerpt from the UK Dialling Codes section of the Oxford Telephone Directory.  \n\nSimilarly, the following concluding passage from William Wordsworth's poem Lines written a Few Miles above Tintern Abbey is an excerpt rather than a quotation:\n                                           Nor wilt thou then forget,    \n    That after many wanderings, many years    \n    Of absence, these steep woods and lofty cliffs,    \n    And this green pastoral landscape, were to me    \n    More dear, both for themselves and for thy sake.")
('oa:TextPositionSelector', 'TextPositionSelector', 'The TextPositionSelector describes a range of text by recording the start and end positions of the selection in the stream. Position 0 would be immediately before the first character, position 1 would be immediately before the second character, and so on.')
('bibo:Conference', 'Conference', 'A meeting for consultation or discussion.')
('fabio:TermDictionary', 'term dictionary', 'A controlled vocabulary, usually referring to terms within a particular classification system, such as the ACM Computing Classification System or MeSH, the Medical Subject Headings, or a controlled vocabulary of disciplines., A term dictionary is a collection of subject terms.')
('wto:0000225', 'fungal disease', None)
('fabio:ComputerFile', 'computer file', 'A digital item containing information in computer-readable form encoded in a particular format.')
('fabio:Diary', 'diary', 'A personal record, in a form of book, with discrete entries (often handwritten) arranged by date, reporting what has happened over the course of a day or other period of time.')
('wto:0000477', 'resistance to Bunt', None)
('wto:0000504', 'resistance to root rot', None)
('wto:0000501', 'resistance to mildew', None)
('fabio:JournalIssue', 'journal issue', 'A particular published issue of a journal, one or more of which will constitute a volume of the journal.')
('wto:0000087', 'grain composition', None)
('bibo:Hearing', 'Hearing', 'An instance or a session in which testimony and arguments are presented, esp. before an official, as a judge in a lawsuit.')
('dcterms:Agent', 'Agent', 'A resource that acts or has the power to act.')
('wto:0000585', 'Lepidopteran, Lepidopteran insect', None)
('wto:0000195', 'soil mineral', None)
('bibo:Report', 'Report', 'A document describing an account or statement describing in detail an event, situation, or the like, usually as the result of observation, inquiry, etc..')
('fabio:WorkingPaper', 'working paper', 'An unpublished paper, usually circulated privately among a small group of peers, to provide information or with a request for comments or editorial improvement.')
('bibo:ThesisDegree', 'Thesis degree', 'The academic degree of a Thesis')
('fabio:Tweet', 'tweet', 'A posting made on the social networking site Twitter. A tweet is a text message limited to 140 characters in length, that is broadcast and readable by anyone who accesses Twitter.')
('bibo:Article', 'Article', 'A written composition in prose, usually nonfiction, on a specific topic, forming an independent part of a book or other publication, as a newspaper or magazine.')
('fabio:WikipediaEntry', 'wikipedia entry', 'Information about a particular topic in one of the versions of Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia (http://www.wikipedia.org/).\n')
('wto:0000005', 'phenotype', None)
('fabio:RelationalDatabase', 'relational database', 'A database in which the data are arranged in tables according to their common characteristics, with relationships between the tables being defined by a relational model or schema. A relational database is highly optimized for performance, and is queried using a database query language such as SQL (Structured Query Language).  The software used to create a relational database is called a relational database management system (RDBMS).')
('fabio:Repository', 'repository', 'A computer system in which information may be stored.')
('fabio:SoundRecording', 'sound recording', 'The creative work of making an electrical or mechanical recording of sounds, such as the spoken voice, singing, instrumental music, animal vocalizations or sound effects. ')
('wto:0000502', 'mycoplasma resistance, resistance to mycoplasma, resistance to mycoplasma disease, resistance to phytoplasma, resistance to phytoplasma disease, resistance to phytoplasmal disease', None)
('bibo:Proceedings', 'Proceedings', 'A compilation of documents published from an event, such as a conference.')
('wto:0000280', 'Armyworm', None)
('fabio:Catalog', 'catalog', 'A list of items describing the content of a resource, for example items in an exhibition, items offered for sale by a vendor, or entities contained within a library or collection.  Ideally, catalogs are created according to specific and uniform principles of construction and are under the control of an authority file.')
('oa:TextQuoteSelector', 'TextQuoteSelector', 'The TextQuoteSelector describes a range of text by copying it, and including some of the text immediately before (a prefix) and after (a suffix) it to distinguish between multiple copies of the same sequence of characters.')
('dcterms:MediaTypeOrExtent', 'Media Type or Extent', 'A media type or extent.')
('fabio:JournalArticle', 'journal article', 'An article, typically the realization of a research paper reporting original research findings, published in a journal issue.  ')
('owl:DeprecatedProperty', 'DeprecatedProperty', None)
('fabio:ProjectReportDocument', 'deliverable', 'A document containing a project report, intended to be delivered to a customer or funding agency describing the results achieved within a specific project. ')
('fabio:CollectedWorks', 'collected works', 'A collection of the literary or scholastic works of a single person.')
('d2kab:Maker', 'genetc marker', None)
('fabio:Blog', 'blog', 'A Web publication medium containing blog posts.')
('oa:Annotation', 'Annotation', 'The class for Web Annotations.')
('fabio:NewspaperArticle', 'newspaper article', 'An article written by a journalist and published in a newspaper.')
('wto:0000633', 'resource uptake physiology', None)
('wto:0000253', 'resistance to arthropod', None)
('wto:0000630', 'root architecture', None)
('fabio:Hardback', 'hardback', 'A print object bound with rigid protective covers (typically of cardboard covered with cloth, heavy paper, or sometimes leather).')
('wto:0000337', 'mycoplasma disease, phytoplasma disease', None)
('wto:0000334', 'nematode', None)
('fabio:Figure', 'figure', 'A visual communication object comprising one or more still images on a related theme.  If included within a publication, a figure is typically unaligned with the main body of text, having its own descriptive textual figure legend.')
('fabio:Essay', 'essay', 'A piece of non-fiction writing on a particular subject, usually of moderate length and without chapters.')
('bibo:AcademicArticle', 'Academic Article', 'A scholarly academic article, typically published in a journal.')
('fabio:CallForApplications', 'call for applications', 'A document published by a funding agency requesting submission of applications for financial grants to fund projects, for example to enable research investigations in areas specified in the Call.')
('fabio:SpecificationDocument', 'specification document', 'The realization of a specification (a standard, a workflow, etc.).')
('fabio:Periodical', 'periodical', 'A publication issued on a regular and ongoing basis as a series of issues, each issue comprising separate periodical items, for example editorials, articles, news items and/or other writings.')
('bibo:LegalDocument', 'Legal Document', 'A legal document; for example, a court decision, a brief, and so forth.')
('wto:0000602', 'obsolete intermediate plant growth habit', None)
('fabio:Cover', 'cover', 'A protective covering used to bind together the pages of a document or the first, informative, page of a digital document.')
('bibo:Letter', 'Letter', 'A written or printed communication addressed to a person or organization and usually transmitted by mail.')
('wto:0000463', 'heavy metal toxicity', None)
('bibo:PersonalCommunicationDocument', 'Personal Communication Document', 'A personal communication manifested in some document.')
('bibo:BookSection', 'Book Section', 'A section of a book.')
('bibo:Legislation', 'Legislation', 'A legal document proposing or enacting a law or a group of laws.')
('owl:ObjectProperty', 'ObjectProperty', None)
('dcterms:MediaType', 'Media Type', 'A file format or physical medium.')
('wto:0000577', 'DEPRECATED resistance to Rhizoctonia Root Rot, resistance to Rhizoctonia Root Rot', None)
('wto:0000167', 'noxious plant', None)
('bibo:Document', 'Document', 'A document (noun) is a bounded physical representation of body of information designed with the capacity (and usually intent) to communicate. A document may manifest symbolic, diagrammatic or sensory-representational information.')
('wto:0000255', 'resistance to invertebrate pest', None)
('bibo:Series', 'Series', 'A loose, thematic, collection of Documents, often Books.')
('oa:RangeSelector', 'RangeSelector', 'A Range Selector can be used to identify the beginning and the end of the selection by using other Selectors. The selection consists of everything from the beginning of the starting selector through to the beginning of the ending selector, but not including it.')
('wto:0000196', 'soil toxic component', None)
('fabio:Novel', 'novel', 'A long fictitious narrative written in literary prose.')
('oio:Definition', 'definition', 'we are forced to use the n-ary relation pattern in OWL1.0. For OWL2 we may make this a direct axiom between a class and the string')
('wto:0000660', 'response to gibberellin', None)
('fabio:AudioDocument', 'audio document', 'The realization of a sound recording.')
('fabio:Patent', 'patent', 'A formal disclosure of a new invention approved by a governmental patent agency, made to register intellectual property rights, and to give exclusive rights to the inventor or assignee to manufacture, use, license or sell the invention for a certain number of years.')
('fabio:DemoPaper', 'demo paper', 'A demonstration paper, typically describing a new product, service or system created as a result of research, usually presented during a conference or workshop.')
('wto:0000634', 'water use efficiency', None)
('frbr:CorporateBody', 'corporate body', "An organization or group of individuals and/or other organizations., This class corresponds to the FRBR group two entity 'Corporate Body'.")
('wto:0000142', 'grain gluten content', None)
('wto:0000269', 'storage pest resistance', None)
('fabio:LibraryCatalog', 'library catalog', 'The catalog of the holdings of a library, for example that of the Library of Congress (http://catalog.loc.gov/).')
('wto:0000001', 'plant property', None)
('frbr:Work', 'work', "An abstract notion of an artistic or intellectual creation., This class corresponds to the FRBR group one entity 'Work'.")
('wto:0000323', 'fungi, fungus', None)
('wto:0000004', 'environmental condition', None)
('wto:0000160', 'male sterility', None)
('wto:0000603', 'obsolete semi-prostate plant growth habit', None)
('fabio:ExaminationPaper', 'examination paper', 'A set of questions on a particular topic designed to test the academic, professional or technical ability of the person taking the examination, with achievement of a pass grade in the examination typically being a prerequisite for the award of an educational award such as a degree, or of a professional or technical qualification.')
('wto:0000115', 'sterile trait, sterility', None)
('fabio:LaboratoryNotebook', 'laboratory notebook', 'A notebook used by an individual research scientist as the primary record of his or her research activities. A researcher may use a laboratory notebook to document hypotheses, to describe experiments and to record data in various formats, to provide details of data analysis and interpretation, or to record the validation or invalidation of the original hypotheses. The laboratory notebook serves as an organizational tool and a memory aid.  It may also have a role in recording and protecting any intellectual property created during the research, and may be used in evidence when establishing priority of discoveries, for example in patent applications.  Electronic versions of laboratory notebooks are increasingly being employed by researchers, particularly in chemistry and the pharmaceutical industry.')
('fabio:PeriodicalItem', 'periodical item', 'A piece of writing published in a periodical issue, typically accompanied by other items by different authors.')
('wto:0000271', 'tolerance to micronutrient deficiency', None)
('fabio:CaseForSupportDocument', 'case for support document', 'A document containing the case for support for a particular project, usually contained within a grant application document but sometimes distributed separately, without the financial and organizational information that the grant application document also contains.')
('fabio:SystematicReview', 'systematic review', 'A literature review focused on a single question that tries to identify, appraise, select and synthesize all high quality research evidence relevant to that question. Systematic reviews of high-quality randomized controlled trials are crucial to evidence-based medicine. An understanding of systematic reviews and how to implement them in practice is becoming mandatory for all professionals involved in the delivery of health care. Systematic reviews are not limited to medicine,  and are quite common in other sciences such as psychology, educational research and sociology.')
('bibo:Excerpt', 'Excerpt', 'A passage selected from a larger work.')
('fabio:Triplestore', 'triplestore', 'A database specifically designed for the storage and retrieval of Resource Description Framework (RDF) data consisting of subject-predicate-object triples.  A triple store is queried using the RDF query language SPARQL.')
('fabio:BriefReport', 'brief report', "A brief report document.  This term may also be used synonymously with Rapid Communication to mean 'A short rapidly published research article or conference paper, typically reporting significant research results that have been recently discovered, or a brief news item reporting such discoveries.'")
('fabio:CitationMetadata', 'citation metadata', 'Metadata describing the citations made within a work to other works, and (optionally) some characteristics of the expressions of the cited works.')
('fabio:Presentation', 'presentation', 'A set of slides containing text, tables or figures, designed to communicate ideas or research results, for projection and viewing by an audience at a conference, symposium, seminar, lecture, workshop or other gatherings, typically embodied in a particular manifestation format such as a SlideShare or PowerPoint slideshow.')
('fabio:Spreadsheet', 'spreadsheet', 'An electronic form of data storage that displays a grid of rows and columns, in which each editable cell can contain alphanumeric text, a numeric value, or a formula that defines how the content of that cell is to be calculated from the content of another cell or cells.')
('wto:0000128', 'chemosensitivity', None)
('wto:0000101', 'response to abiotic stress', None)
('foaf:Organization', None, None)
('fabio:StillImage', 'still image', 'A recorded static visual representation. This class of image includes diagrams, drawings, graphs, graphic designs, plans, maps, photographs and prints.')
('fabio:Article', 'article', 'The realization of a piece of writing on a particular topic, usually published within a periodical publication (e.g. journal, magazine and newspaper).')
('d2kab:Gene', 'gene', None)
('wto:0000661', 'response to absiscic acid', None)
('oa:CssStyle', 'CssStyle', 'A resource which describes styles for resources participating in the Annotation using CSS.')
('fabio:DataManagementPolicyDocument', 'data management policy document', 'A document embodying a policy that descibes and defines how data should be managed, preserved and shared.')
('wto:0000077', 'fiber quality', None)
('fabio:Retraction', 'retraction', 'A formal statement retracting a statement or publication\nA retraction is a public statement made about an earlier statement that withdraws, cancels, refutes, diametrically reverses the original statement or ceases and desists from publishing the original statement. ')
('dcterms:IMT', 'IMT', 'The set of media types specified by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority.')
('dcterms:LicenseDocument', 'License Document', 'A legal document giving official permission to do something with a resource.')
('fabio:Corrigendum', 'corrigendum', 'A formal correction to an error introduced by the author into a previously published document.')
('frbr:Place', 'place', "A location., This class corresponds to the FRBR group three entity 'Place'.")
('wto:0000188', 'response to water stress', None)
('wto:0000161', 'micronutrient deficiency, micronutriment limitation', None)
('wto:0000156', 'insecticide', None)
('fabio:LectureNotes', 'lecture notes', 'A document containing notes that summarize a lecture or course of lectures.')
('frbr:Object', 'object', "A tangible or material thing., This class corresponds to the FRBR group three entity 'Object'.")
('wto:0000185', 'response to nutrient deficiency', None)
('wto:0000604', 'leaf morphology', None)
('fabio:Chapter', 'chapter', 'A defined document section, forming part of or intended for inclusion within a larger document, usually with its own title or chapter number.  Different chapters within a document such as a book or a report may each be independently authored, or may all be authored by a single individual or group of authors.')
('wto:0000050', 'response to environmental condition', None)
('fabio:GanttChart', 'Gantt chart', 'A horizontal bar chart used to guide project planning, execution and control, illustrating the project schedule, with a separate line indicating the start and end dates of each of the key project activities or workpackages, and optionally showing the dependencies between these items. A Gantt chart is typically part of a project plan.')
('dcterms:MethodOfAccrual', 'Method of Accrual', 'A method by which resources are added to a collection.')
('fabio:ConferenceProceedings', 'conference proceedings', 'A document containing the programme and collected conference papers, or their abstracts, presented at a conference, seminar, symposium or similar event.')
('fabio:MinimalInformationStandard', 'minimal information standard', 'A metadata standard specifying items to be included when creating metadata describing a dataset of a particular type, or when creating a structured summary of the main findings of an article or report in a particular domain of interest, thereby ensuring adequate descriptive information is recorded for subsequent resource discovery and/or interpretation of the information described.  [See also fabio:ReportingStandard.]')
('d2kab:Phenotype', 'trait or phenotype', None)
('wto:0000158', 'macronutrient deficiency, macronutriment limitation', None)
('fabio:Notebook', 'notebook', 'A book containing personal notes, typically created by writing into a physical book with blank pages.')
('fabio:Magazine', 'magazine', 'A periodical, usually devoted to a particular topic or domain of interest, and usually published weekly or monthly, consisting primarily of  non-peer reviewed editorials, journalistic news items and more substantive articles, reviews, book reviews and discussions concerning current or recent events and publications, and matters of interest to the domain served by the magazine.  [Some scientific journals, notably Science and Nature, also secondarily serve as science magazines by containing substantive editorials and news items on vital or controversial issues].')
('http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Text', None, None)
('fabio:Movie', 'movie', 'The realization of a moving image.')
('wto:0000652', 'sink capacity', None)
('owl:Ontology', 'Ontology', None)
('wto:0000102', 'biotic stress resistance, response to biotic stress', None)
('fabio:Postprint', 'postprint', "The version of an author's original scholarly work, such as a research paper or a review, re-submitted for publication after revision by the author in the light of comments from reviewers.  [Note: For the version before peer review, use fabio:Preprint. For the final piblished version, use fabio:DefinitiveVersion.]")
